>> Sarah Drasner: Accessibility,
let's talk about accessibility for
just a second.
There are a couple of
things you need to do.
And this is like when I said, we're
going to just show you the really basic
thing that you should be doing for
pretty much all of your SVGs.
And if you want to make it more
complicated you can also do that.
Okay, so
we've got aria-labelledby="title" and
then the first element beneath encased
inside that SVG has to be the title.
You can't put something else in
there first, like defs maybe or
something like that,
it has to be the title.
The title ID, in this case, is title,
which I should've just changed it to
something else, I could say dancing tango
monkey pants, dancing tango monkey pants.
These have to be the same association and
only one per page too.
So we have ID, we have a role, which is
presentation, we can also say role image.
The reason why you have the role on
there is because you're trying to tell
the screen reader don't read
out everything in the SVG DOM.
So you can imagine if you were using
a screen reader to navigate a website how
having it read it has the possibility for
all of these great accessibility things.
Because it has a [INAUDIBLE].
But you also don't want it to read every
shape [LAUGH] to someone with a screen
reader either, that doesn't sound great.
So making sure it has role presentation or
role image is really important.
Then within the title we have
to have the title in the ID,
actually Jaws won't pick
it up without that.
So if you leave the ID off you're,
basically, not even including a title,
unfortunately.
I also include the language because then
if they are using the screen reader in
another language it will automatically
change the language for them.
That will be done for them, they don't
have to go look up the translation.
So you can just have a bit of text
there that describes what's going on in
that image.
If you want it to traverse and
do crazy things,
you could also say aria labeled by group,
and then it will go through,
and find the groups, and
kind of do it that way.
This one is the one that you should
be using for most things though.
There's a resource here
with support charts.
In this article by Heather,
she did this great kind of community
service by making this article.
She went to the library every weekend and
tested all of these SVGs,
like embeds, and images, and
inline, and data visualization, and
all these different things,
on every device there.
Just out of the goodness of her heart.
So definitely take advantage of
this resource cuz she put so
much work into it and it's a really,
really great resource.
So if you wanna learn more about
SVG accessibility that's definitely
the place to go.